Add README badges (#24)
swift-server/swift-openapi-async-http-client: README.md

# AsyncHTTPClient Transport for Swift OpenAPI Generator

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/docc-read_documentation-blue)](https://swiftpackageindex.com/swift-server/swift-openapi-async-http-client/documentation)
[![](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https%3A%2F%2Fswiftpackageindex.com%2Fapi%2Fpackages%2Fswift-server%2Fswift-openapi-async-http-client%2Fbadge%3Ftype%3Dswift-versions)](https://swiftpackageindex.com/swift-server/swift-openapi-async-http-client)
[![](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https%3A%2F%2Fswiftpackageindex.com%2Fapi%2Fpackages%2Fswift-server%2Fswift-openapi-async-http-client%2Fbadge%3Ftype%3Dplatforms)](https://swiftpackageindex.com/swift-server/swift-openapi-async-http-client)

> A client transport that uses the [HTTPClient](https://swift-server.github.io/async-http-client/docs/current/AsyncHTTPClient/Classes/HTTPClient) type from the [AsyncHTTPClient](https://github.com/swift-server/async-http-client) library to perform HTTP operations.

Reviewer: AHC is on the swift package index as well

```suggestion
A client transport that uses the [HTTPClient](https://swiftpackageindex.com/swift-server/async-http-client/1.19.0/documentation/asynchttpclient/httpclient) type from the [AsyncHTTPClient](https://github.com/swift-server/async-http-client) library to perform HTTP operations.
```

Author: Good catch, fixed
